# ECE-MODULES
  An adjustable voltage regulator produces a DC output voltage, which can be adjusted to any other value of a certain voltage range. The two capacitors are placed between the voltage in and voltage out nodes. 2 resistors are placed in between Vout and ground. For this specific design, we used the datasheet that was provided in the Rowan engineering inventory under power management. Using the schematics provided in the datasheet we were able to redesign the adjustable linear regulator using the Diptrace software. We used LM317LBZRAG voltag regulator, 2 CAP400 capacitors (a bypass capacitor with a capacitance of 0.1uF and a bulk capacitor with a capacitance of 1 uF), 2 resistors (2 shunt resistors with values of 5k ohms and 240 ohms), GND, input, adjustable, and output pin(to the input voltage and output voltage to the regulator)to design the adjustable voltage regulator. The bulk capacitor is used to handle the sudden change in the load of the circuit and the bypass capacitor is used to filter noise.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  A constant linear voltage regulator is used to produce a constant current (What ever the input voltage is, it doesn't affect the output voltage). The regulator produces constant current because the voltage between the regulator and the ground is firmly regulated. 2  capacitors are placed between the voltage in and voltage out nodes. For this specific design, we used the datasheet that was provided in the Rowan engineering inventory under power management. Using the schematics provided in the datasheet we were able to redesign the constant linear regulator using the Diptrace software. We used LM780L5ACZ voltage regulator, 2 CAP400 ( 1 bypass capacitor and 1 bulk capacitor with capacitance of 0.1uF), GND, input and output pin(to the input voltage and output voltage to the regulator)to design the constant linear voltage regulator. The bulk capacitor is used to handle the sudden change in the load of the circuit and the bypass capacitor is used to filter noise.
